{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Project Log\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 //4/18  2:48 - Make table cell auto resize based on content
\f0 \

\f1 //      3:07 - remove unecessary nslogs
\f0 \

\f1 //      3:13 - Previous tablerow autoresize was hardcoded. Try to use xcode's auto resize tool
\f0 \

\f1 //      3:42 - Attempting this solution posten by Igor: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/24126708/uicollectionview-inside-a-uitableviewcell-dynamic-height?utm_medium=organic&utm_source=google_rich_qa&utm_campaign=google_rich_qa \
		3:50 - It worked!\
		3:55 - make 'Create" button create the product rather than the 'enter' key. Also make the button return you to 				the previous page\
		4:12 - Ok. I want to change the system for newProductVC. I decided I don't need to be using a tableview. the \
				reason I was was because I wanted to leave open the option of having an unknown number of textfields for 				an unknown number of stores. If I decide to add that feature I'll do it a different way. \
I		4:14 - Instead I'll just make 3 textfields in that viewController: productName, homeLocation, storeLocation.\
		5:22 - I now have 1 textfield and 1 pickerview. I need to figure out how to have a 2nd pickerview on the same \
				viecontroller.\
		5:57 - make 'Create" button create the product rather than the 'enter' key. Also make the button return you to 				the previous page\
		6:13 - still in previous step. I just finished adding arguments to creatProduct method in model. Now i need to \
				use them in the newProductVC\
		6:17 X Now I need to sort the products into their respective sections. NSLOG in createProductButton isn't being \
				called. \
		9:36 - make "whatever is in the textfield" when the create button is pushed be assigned the name. So you don't \
				have to press enter.\
		9:47 - right now the pickerviews don't have an option selected until the user taps it. This makes it look like it \
				has an option selected by default but it doesn't. Options on how to fix this UX issue: 1) Find a way for \
				the pickerview to select whatever it is currently displaying 2) Have another label above pickerview that \
				notates what has been selected. Will display "Null" until something is selected 3) Find a way to display a \
				"--" as the default, unselected option. 4) Use option 2\
		10:02 X Now I need to sort the products into their respective sections. \
		10:11 - Make the create button bring you back to the previouspage\
		10:36 - Decide: do I want to keep this collectionview within a tableview thing? OR should I see if I can work \
				with a single collectionview with multiple sections?\
		10:40 - Decision: Lets keep things how they are for now. Now I need to sort the products into their respective \
				sections. Can I do that using Model's section lists? Nope, dont have those.\
		10:51 - Maybe I can solve this by making the tableCell the collectionview datasource/delegate. Then when i create \
				each cell I can compare it to the section label.}